---
title: More FUZE...
layout: post
author: anish.vaddiraju
permalink: /more-fuze.../
source-id: 19PNT_h9co7CUQ3YpLVL7KkpxH-t0kG03Kp2Y7B_LJC8
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Title</th>
    <td>More FUZE...</td>
    <th>Date</th>
    <td>13/09/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Starting point:</th>
    <td>I had an understanding of the software but it wasn't great.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Target for this lesson?</th>
    <td>Understanding the basics-BASIC. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</th>
    <td> Yes, as I managed to complete the task and save it onto my memory stick.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This week we were doing stage 1 again, but we were going to save it this time. It did not take long in order to finish it, but it took a while to find out how to actually save it onto the memory stick. This was really difficult and eventually we found out that it was saving in the wrong folder and was saving on top of a saved version of the script. This made it really hard to actually find the script and make sure that it got saved onto my memory stick. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to try to explore and figure things out via logic. If I had explored more, I possibly could have found it without the teachers help and my friend's help as well. I need to work on persevering and trying out new things that might help me work. I think that I could work on this by not asking for the teachers help. I could look to my friends or even myself, my parents as well. In next lesson, I will try to complete the work without anyone's help apart from my partner, and my peers.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I can change my learning by trying out the new things I learn and making sure that I haven't done anything wrong before asking for any help, if possible. I will change my trial and error  attitude to a more logic-based one. I need to look at the problem, assess the things I could to to make it better and do what I deem necessary. I really want to progress without anyone’s help so I can learn the most possible. I think that I need to really give a good go at my work before asking for help.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


