---
title: Electric!
layout: post
author: anish.vaddiraju
permalink: /electric!/
source-id: 1Put-fM6xes2F7dzfVAeXu9NGHf9eYWtGrOCCZVwEBFA
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Title</th>
    <td>Electric!</td>
    <th>Date</th>
    <td>28/11/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Starting point:</th>
    <td>Some knowledge of the electronic kit.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Target for this lesson?</th>
    <td>to finish the 1st section with the kit.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</th>
    <td>no, as we struggled quite a bit</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Lesson Review </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I quickly got set up, making sure that I hadn't forgotten anything and that we had set up correctly. We quickly got onto placing wires in the correct places and placing the LEDs and lastly the resistors, so we had a working circuit. The rest of the lesson was getting the code correct and making sure the LEDs were active. We, at the end of the lesson, made 
up, but I think we hadn't placed the other LEDs in the correct places so they did not light up. I think this strategy wasn't the best as I could have used a more systematic approach, by making sure everything was in the correct place before doing the code as that is the least time taking bit of the exercise. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I think the fact that we didn't have a logical approach didn't help my group. I need to work on planning out my plan of action so that it makes it easier for myself. If I do this then I will be able to move ahead with the plan and finish the set work quickly and quietly. I also need to work on my accuracy at placing the wires, as I am consistently making that one error. If I do this then I will actually get the code to work and LEDs to light up.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will change my learning by making sure that I have a surefire way of making sure that the work is done as quickly as possible. I will improve by doing this in the ways that I will get more learning fitted into my lesson and I can actually make sure that I am using the electronics kit correctly and it is actually working. I can improve by being more accurate, so getting it right the first time, instead of having to check it over 30 minutes later which is a lot harder to do as there is more wires and components in the breadbox. </td>
  </tr>
</table>


