---
title: Teamwork!
layout: post
author: anish.vaddiraju
permalink: /teamwork!/
source-id: 1oJB2-2H4-O6_aHMjRVO1nDPeK3YQk5JI9OW6jc3l6_M
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Teamwork!</td>
    <td>Date</td>
    <td>5/12/16</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Moving onto the analogue section.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To finish the analouge bit.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson </td>
    <td>no, we didn't have a power cable.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>In this lesson, I didn't learn much, as my group did not have a power cable. We searched everywhere, but there wasn't one in any room. When we asked Mr Keen and Mr Ampah-Korsah what to do, they said that we should join other groups and work with them. Luckily for me the group I joined was on the last section. I didn't really learn anything new, but my friends were glad for the help. We finished relatively quickly and when it came to saving I managed to teach them something new. If you put your memory stick in before you run your script for the first time, then it saves time at the end that is sometimes wasted saving. All in all, I think I didn't learn anything but I did teach something, but it might be good that we repeated that exercise as now the lessons learned from in my head. </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to work on getting my things quicker, as if I had, I would have had some work to do this lesson. But in my defence, there was one short so anyways, one group would have been one short. I need to also work on my organisation and my observation, as I had misunderstood one instruction in the book, so I got one section wrong. I rectified it this week as I had the chance to do this again this week. In conclusion, I need to work on my organisation and the way I am reading the instructions in the book.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I will change in the way that I get inside quicker and I make sure that I am getting ready as quick as possible. If I can do this then I will be able to get as much work as possible completed. I will improve by doing this as I can move on to using the robot arm and this looks very exciting and interesting compared to what we are doing. Pythia would help as it would motivate me further to make more progress. I am looking for ways to further my learning and to quicken my pace.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


